Docs restructure ICP features (#4955)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/icp-features/timers.md

sidebar_position: 2
---

# Timers

> Canisters deployed on ICP can schedule code execution at specific intervals using [timers](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/motoko/main/base/Timer). Timers are used to execute periodic tasks such as recurring state mutation, automating maintenance, or enforcing timed access control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canisters deployed on ICP can schedule code execution at specific intervals using [timers](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/building-apps/network-features/periodic-tasks-timers). Timers are used to execute periodic tasks such as recurring state mutation, automating maintenance, or enforcing timed access control. 
```

> Motoko provides the `Timer` module, which can be used to create recurring timers to execute code at regular intervals. These timers are managed at the application level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Motoko provides the [`Timer`](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/motoko/main/base/Timer) module, which can be used to create recurring timers to execute code at regular intervals. These timers are managed at the application level.
```
